	2011-07-26 1437
	Worked on login system. Program now loads users from a file and properly 
password checks. May want to add encryption to passwords. Added a player level
and several commands: "quit", "level", "say". Created World class, at least the
shell. Needs to be fleshed out, does absolutely nothing and has hooks nowhere
right now. That's next on the agenda.

	Program is getting kind of long for one file, but I'm going to keep it that
way until I decide to split it up. I need to figure out how Python does this.

	I also started several log files for myself. "bugs.txt" is for keeping track
of bugs that I notice but don't NEED to fix (opting instead to work on some
functionality or something). "todo.txt" is for keeping track of ideas and work
flow over sessions, and "notes.txt" is this file, for keeping track of what I've
done so far and my thoughts/plans going forward.

	I've been this far before, nothing special. But this time I'm determined to 
make it work. Stupid mud servers. 

	So far it seems to be stable enough. A few crashes.
	
	2011-07-28 1441
	Added a shutdown function to the Server class, Server.terminate(). Sends a 
message to all client sockets before closing them, then closes the connection.
For now the function will only be called upon the variable Server.shutdown being
set to true (therefore exiting the main loop), or catching a KeyboardInterrupt I
put on server.serve() in main().

	Tested it, seems to work fine. Exactly as expected. Love python.
	
	Last night I set up a google projects repository for "frenik-mud". Name's 
change but it was more of a test than anything. Next time I get a good internet 
day I'll start uploading to the git repo.

	Added Player.appendOutbuf(self, c), where c is the string to be appended. Not
going to go through and make other code use it yet, going to make sure it's the 
right way to do it first.

    2011-09-17 0300
    Got the itch to do some work. Refined some loops that removed items from 
lists they were currently iterating so that they wouldn't bug out. 

    Also added a check at login to make sure the character wasn't currently logged
in. Removed a piece of code that wasn't working, that was supposed to catch a "q"
to shut down the server from the command line.

    2011-09-17 0400
    Filled out the World class, added the Room class. The World class contains a
list of all rooms. Rooms contain a list of players. Players have a reference to 
their room.

    2011-09-17 0415
    World init now loads room files from world/rooms. Room files are set up.
    
    2011-09-17 0430
    Exits now display correctly.
    
    2011-09-17 0500
    Added the direction north, need to add the rest of the exit commands. Everything
seems to work correctly. Exits should assign properly, I need to add error
checking. Done for the night, tired, need to be up in five hours. Good night though.

Fuck paragraph tabs. Also need to split up the files, my one file (server.py) is
like 400 lines and with my broken scroll wheel it's becoming a pain in the ass.
Moving the classes to their respective files is a good start. I'll do that next
time I sit down.

    2011-09-17 1230
Sat down and the computer was slow. Make sure program isn't hogging cpu.

    2011-09-17 1400
Fixed the CPU usage with a call to time.sleep(0.1) at the end of the main loop.
Execution pauses for a tenth of a second every loop. May want to increase that later.

    2011-09-19 1145
    I've been making most of my notes via git commit messages. This file is now
for thinking things out.

So now I have very simple mobs, items, and rooms. The basics. I'm satisfied 
with my parser for now. The world saves on shutdown.
    
One of the things I was thinking about was the way I save files. I simply create
a new file every time an object is saved, overwriting the old one. Efficient, I
guess, but it's all HDD based. I think I should rewrite the save() methods to 
instead parse and update files at some point. This also helps in the fact that if
a crash occurs mid-save, the file is not completely lost, only the new entries in
that file.

I think what I'm going to tackle next is refining mobs a bit. I'm not sure how 
they're going to work right now. Every second or so they're going to "tick", I
know that. I'd like to give them "drives", needs and wants. Perhaps a mix of 
traits that gives them personalities. 